The Joe Rogan experience. That is the place. Like, I think if I had the choice,
if there was one place where I could go on a time machine,
just peak for like an hour and just look around and then come back to present
day. I think that would be the spot.
I'd want to see what Egypt was like when they were building the pyramids,
like in the middle of construction, when they were at their peak,
when they were building the great pyramid of Giza, like, what was society like?
Like what were the people like,
if you could just be a fly on the wall and no one knew you were there,
see if they saw you, they'd be like, what are you doing?
What is this thing on your wrist? Who are you? Why are your teeth look so good?
How come you don't look deformed?
I'd go back to the jail. I'd be on the grassy Knoll that day, JFK,
Dallas.
On the grass, you know, or be in the book depository.
See if you're in the book depository,
then you know that Lee Harvey Oswald isn't there.
I think he may have even been there. I think he may have even been firing,
but I don't, I, I don't believe that he was the only one I'm with.
You. That's exactly what I think.
I think he could have been in on it and maybe he didn't even fire it. Right.
But when they set, when he said that he was a Patsy, you know,
the way he said it, when he got arrested, he said, I'm just a Patsy. That is,
that's like a guy who knew he was going to get in trouble for something.
That's not like a regular guy. He was not a regular guy. He,
they easily could have talked him into doing something up.
And then they did something as well and blamed it all on him.
And they had him set up for it. Yeah. He seemed like a wacky.
Dude,
someone that did that and made that shot and really wanted him dead would own
it. Quite the opposite. At that point, you're not trying to not go to prison.
Well, maybe he is, but it didn't seem like it.
He didn't seem like a guy who just shot someone.
He also didn't seem like a guy who was shocked that he was getting arrested for
something, but you can make someone a Patsy back then.
That was real. You could set someone up and then you hired Jack Ruby,
just run up on the guy and shoot him. And he just did it. Now, the guy's dead.
Jack Ruby drops the gun. They put him in a nice jail cell.
I don't know if it was a nice jail cell.
I have no idea what happened at Jack Ruby. Something happened to him in jail,
got cancer.
How much you know about those three guys that they thought,
maybe that's John God, three hobos. One of them was Woody Harrelson's dad.
They were in the CIA red, or that thought something who knows.
Look,
Kennedy was not a popular guy by any stretch of the imagination with a giant
chunk of the population. Think about his men.
Like if as many people hate Trump right now,
if that's the only, like, I mean, I don't know how many people hated Kennedy,
but I know that the bay of pigs was a huge disaster.
A lot of military people hated him for that.
This supposedly he wanted to get rid of the NSA.
Supposedly he wanted to get rid of, um, uh, there was,
he wanted to do something about the federal reserve.
There was a lot of things that he wanted to do. Apparently, maybe it was a CIA.
I mean, I think it was a CIA who was trying to disband one of those,
but he just, he didn't,
he had a disdain for secrecy and secret societies, you know, like that,
there was a lot of these like skull and bones type things that like George W.
Bush was in or Herbert Walker, Bush,
rather his dad was George GW in skull and bones too. Yeah.
I mean all that wacky, like what are you doing? You,
you dressing up like a Druid. What are you doing? Are you burning an effigy?
You know, a lot of people thought that was all fake until, uh,
Alex Jones and John Ronson was with him right.
At the, uh, I don't know who was with them. Yes.
I'm pretty.
Sure Google that. Make sure I'm right. I think I'm pretty sure it was Ronson.
I'm pretty sure Ronson was. I know it was, he was talking about it.
We talked about it on the podcast about, you know,
like that they couldn't believe what they found.
So this is place Bohemian Grove. And the idea was that, uh,
there all the elites would go there and they would engage in these occult
rituals. This is in America. Yeah. Yeah. It's in California.
It's like Northern California. And so you hear about this and you're like, what?
Like if you heard about that, like, Hey,
there's a place former presidents go top,
top ranking generals and heads of state and bankers,
famous artists. They go to this place and they, they do a cult rituals.
They perform a coat rituals.
Yep. Part four of the secret rulers of the world directed by John Ronson.
He travels with Alex Jones, uh, Netflix, uh,
I don't know where he could find it. The moment it was on.
Please see it on YouTube. Right? You can definitely see the interaction.
So Alex films,
these people worshiping Molik the owl God.
And doing this thing completely sneaks in, just acts like he's belongs there.
Just let them in. They have gate guarded gate, just, Hey, Hey, how you doing?
He looks like a Republican. They let him through.
He is there filming them. They have an effigy,
like a bunch of straw and.
That's supposed to represent a person that you're sacrificing to Moloch the Al
God they're dressed in these crazy hoods. They put the effigy down.
They say they have those loudspeakers and they have this crazy speech they give
it's so weird. But these are like legitimate, wealthy, famous people.
Politicians. These people are like heads of banks and.
And then they go in there and they're dressing up. This is real, right?
Like this isn't like, you hear things like that. Like, well, that's nonsense,
right? That's nonsense. That doesn't really happen. There's not a real,
like Bilderberg meeting.
They don't really get together and pretend they're burning hookers.
They really do. They really do. Yeah. And so that he films this and like,
it's one of the first things that got me thinking about conspiracies,
as much as you can think that Alex is a wacky guy and he certainly, uh,
eccentric and he's not always right. You know,
and that's part of the problem when being lied to left and right by so many
different things, you can get real off on, on things.
And he did, right. He's gotten, you know, he's, you know,
it's been beaten into the ground, but the,
the fact is that there are a certain amount of these things out there like that.
And if it wasn't for Alex releasing that video,
I think most people would think that's nonsense. But when you see that video,
you have to go, okay, what is this? What is going on?
Are they really dressing up? Is this really an, a cult ritual? What is this?
Have you ever seen it.
Now? Show video.
Bohemian Grove, just so we can watch the video shirts and stuff.
Cause the video that he has is really blurry and yeah. Yeah. But let's but well,
you'd have to hear it too. Cause it's like a booming loud speaker,
but see what you can see. It's kind of blurry, but this guy, I mean,
he there's like it's famous this place. So.
Do you think these people all work with each.
Other? This,
all the C's got this hidden camera footage of these people with torches
dressed up like Druids going over and they're carrying the effigy and then
they're going to sacrifice it in light on fire.
We do this as like really rich, famous,
powerful people are all here watching this. Let me do that.
And then the ma re re back that up so we can hear what it's or we can read what
it says, backing up a little bit.
Just got other someone's talking. Okay.
Yeah. But I don't want to hear it, Jamie. I just want to see the right.
It keeps going. Yeah. But can't you? Um, no, what I'm saying is, uh,
uh, make it, so I can't hear it.
And mass wrens, the stones of Babylon, like, so they're like,
what do they even say? Play it out a little bit,
like, look at this for a beauty as a eternal. So they have this and,
and we bow to beauty, everlasting. It's a very strange.
So they're yelling at us out this, guy's got this on a loud speaker and they're,
they're engaging in this ritual.
And then they bring over this fog and they light it on fire.
They have a boat in the water, like it's weird, dude.
Just imagine being a guy who's worth a billion dollars.
And this is what you do for fun.
You're going to get together with Mike and Harry who runs Microsoft.
And you're all going to go and pretend you're burning something, but did.
They become billionaires and then do this? Or is it a chicken and the egg?
That's.
The question. That's what people think about the elites. Right?
People think well, and in some families, it is true. I.
Mean, if these people are all meeting up once a year to burn a stack of hay,
shaped like a lady, why wouldn't they invest in each other? And uh, you know,
of course they're all bankers and successful.
Well, that was the thing about skull. And is that they all had something on you.
Everyone knew something.
Cause you all suck everybody's Dick and took Polaroids of it.
And just up like a munchkin, you know? I mean, that's what they all did.
They did some wacky. It's hard. It's hard to think.
It's hard to think like what you could have had on somebody before porn search.
History, probably all each other. It probably was one guy.
I was like the top skull and bones guy. And he's just really into dudes.
And he just convinced her, but he knew it'd be a crazy thing, man.
How do we have a group super secret group. And you can't tell anybody about it?
How are we going to stop people from telling people?
I know we're going to film me him.
And really he's just trying to these guys in the.
That's his goal was just to guys in the. He's like, man,
this is getting harder and harder to trick these dudes.
I didn't figure out a new way.
So he comes up with this super exclusive elite club.
It's called skull and bones. Do you want in? Yeah. Well,
we got to be able to trust you. He could trust me. I won't tell anybody.
I don't believe you, Timmy, Timmy. I don't believe you.
I think you would tell we're going to have to have something on you. Well,
I mean,
what do you mean we're going to have to have you do something that you don't
want to do and that way, if you ever say anything about us,
we'll tell everybody about you. I mean,
I really do want to be in the club.
Well guarantee you that's how it went down. That's crazy.
One alpha gay dude just tricked a bunch of guys. Isn't that?
If it's not skull and bones, maybe they don't do that.
But there's a group out there that does. It was one of those groups.
One of those crazy groups, that's just run by a dudes, just donk and dudes
right now. He's 35. He's still in college. Everybody's like, Mike,
why are you still going to school here?
Someone's got to make sure that's how everything starts. Right?
I'll get the bone yard, the bone house,
the bone house that our ethics are true.
I'm here to uphold the strictest interpretation of the bone yards rules.
No trust. You.
Got to show your commitment. Yeah. Everybody bays in oil.
First. It's like, why are we in oil? What what's going on?
Just these weird secret societies.
You ever heard the Kennedy speak about secret societies. It's creepy. When,
when it turns out, eventually it gets murdered. It's creepy.
Did you watch the Irishman? No, it's it good?
It's about, yeah. It's about that.
No, it is good. As so many people told me that they hated it.
That I was shocked when I watched it and it was good. Pull.
Up. Kennedy's speech about secret societies
because Kennedy had this speech about secret societies that many people
speculated had to do with the, or had to do with.
The movie brings up an angle.
I didn't know is that he hired his brother to become the attorney general.
And he started going after. Yes, the mom. Yeah. I didn't know that. Oh yeah, he.
Did right after they helped him get into office. Well,
here's the other thing about the Kennedys.
They were drug dealers a hundred percent. Yes.
They were selling whiskey or moonshine or whatever the.
It was as a dad was too old at the time to get ahold of the sons.
Like they were trying to get old man Kennedy to tell us kids, crack the whip,
get them in line, but they couldn't get, get to him.
Cause he was just staring out windows.
Yeah. Yeah. That makes sense. Listen man,
they were illegal alcohol salesman.
They made a bunch of money selling alcohol illegally,
just like a drug dealer does same thing.
The fact that those folks went on to become this incredibly powerful family.
And then, uh, two brothers get publicly assassinated,
amen. Two of them,
the fact that you can keep guys around that, you know, a whack,
somebody for you like that there'll be a Jack Ruby or a sir hands or
hand, just trick a guy,
figure out what are you going to say to that guy to get that guy to run up on
that dude and.
I mean,
if you put a gun to somebody's head and you tell them that if they don't do
this, we're going to kill you and your family. That's it pretty much you got.
And especially sometimes, you know, like in the movies,
when they show someone a picture of their family and they show them a picture of
their house or whatever, you know what I mean? Like I know where you live.
I know.
I think it's more than that.
I think it's guys that you can tell that they're going to do a good thing.
They're going to go down in history and they're going to live in infamy,
like for their own personal gain. Like you're talking about people that,
that are so dumb. You're, you're willing to, you're gonna,
you're gonna lose the rest of your life.
Cause someone's telling you to go shoot Bobby Kennedy and you're gonna do it in
a restaurant in front of everybody. It was a hotel. No,
it was in LA.
We actually did fear factor in the very hotel where he
was shot because the hotel eventually shut down.
I don't know how long after the assassination, but when we were there,
they would rent it out for television shows. It's just like weird place,
man walked through the kitchen where, where he got shot. Like did he shot,
shot in the kitchen? And they bring him into the kitchen.
I think it was in like the convention part where they're giving a speech. Whew.
And that guy is where is it? He didn't kill him, but listen,
but play that play that, uh, that Kennedy speech.
Which is a, it's actually like a 20 minute speech. This is just,
I think this is the main highlight or hopefully looking for it. Yeah.
Let me hit.
Very words. Secrecy is repugnant in a free and open society.
And we are as a people inherently and historically opposed
to secret societies to secret oaths and to secret,
we decided long ago that the dangers of excessive and unwarranted
concealment of pertinent facts far outweigh the dangers,
which are cited to justify it. Even today.
There is little value in opposing the threat of a closed society by imitating
its arbitrary restrictions. Even today,
there is little value in ensuring the survival of our nation.
If our traditions do not survive with it.
And there is very grave danger that an announced need for increased
security will be seized upon by those anxious to expand its
meaning to the very limits of official sense,
censorship ship and concealment that I do not intend to permit to the extent
that it's in my control and no official of my administration,
whether his rank is high or low civilian or military should
interpret my words here tonight. As an excuse to sense of the news,
to stifled the Sam,
to cover up our mistakes or to withhold from the press and the public,
the facts they deserve to know what we are opposed around the
world by a monolithic and ruthless conspiracy that
relies primarily on covet means for expanding its fear of
influence on infiltration instead of invasion on
severity instead of elections on intimidation
instead of free choice on guerrillas by night,
instead of armies by day, it is a system which has conscripted,
vast human and material resources into the building of a tightly knit,
highly efficient machine that combines military diplomatic
intelligence, economic scientific, and political operations.
Its preparations are concealed, not published. Its mistakes are buried,
not headlined. Its descent is a silenced, not praised,
no expenditure is questioned. No rumor is printed.
No secret is revealed.
No president should face public scrutiny of his program for,
from that scrutiny comes understanding.
And from that understanding comes support or opposition and both unnecessary.
That's good. I am not asking your newspaper.
You get it. Wow, crazy. Right now,
if you had just heard that if someone else was saying that instead of Kennedy,
if someone else was saying those very things in front of you,
about how they have an open budget there,
their findings are all concealed.
They're a tightly wit group knit group that combines the military and
science and all that. You'd be like, what are you on Sam?
Tripoli's podcasts you on tinfoil hat. You know, what are you,
what are you doing with this wacky thought?
What do you think that that would be the part he's talking about.
Secret societies talking about the industrial, the, um,
military industrial complex. He's talking about all the gears that are in play.
All the pieces that are in play that are making money and causing war and
deciding what information people shouldn't shouldn't have and what overreach,
you know, they're going to be.
Put into actions, shadowing, everything.